Amazon -- dumped into the set top box market with its new fire TV here's how it stacks up against the competition from what I can. The. Amazon is investing in building a catalog but it's gonna take them awhile to supplement video that's already on Amazon instant video and -- an original contents. -- main focus is building out their catalog as much as they possibly can't -- all they do they have a lot of time and effort. It is building and greatest variety and so as they possibly can. Apple service -- -- to the iTunes store which of course has a great variety of stuff but it's not a lot of variety of pricing and Apple doesn't -- -- Amazon's killer feature for search is that you talk to their -- rather than having to hunt in packs to type in your search term. -- But voice search doesn't work on all apps and so -- I mean you should definitely keep in mind. -- search is slow but it's also -- unified so if you're looking for a title and see that it on a couple of services you can click on the publishing price comparisons. And if -- a little more information in the one before adding project. Apple -- is pretty standard but it's very easy to read and easy to find the content and you want if it's there. Amazon talked about gaming as a bonus feature but it's clear that they -- investing a lot of money and time. They have their own game studio and that's when it. The -- -- -- of the -- -- there hasn't really casual games most notably Angry Birds but it doesn't motion sensor in the control. Apple. Hello I haven't quite gotten it yet.