In Africa today a plane carrying the presidents of two African nations has apparently been shot down as it was coming in for a landing in the capital liberal wonder. UN officials say that both presidents were killed the leader of. One end. April 7 1994. The tiny central African country of one appeared today who have descended into chaos. At this early stage in -- -- the first week of April we you know I don't think anybody had any idea where this was heading we knew it was going to be bloody and messy but we didn't think it was anything systematic. None of -- had any idea of the but steps up or what comes. The best estimate. Now looking back it is about 800000 people were killed in a hundred days of chaos and violence there. That's 56000. People being killed every week. Or if you break it down even for this 8000 people with -- being killed or 333. People being killed every hour. For a hundred days for 100 days that almost screams out team that the entire population was involved as it was neighbors were killing neighbors. Put to into he would live peacefully next to each other suddenly became enemies and it would it would go over to slaughter -- -- neighbor they're able to kill 800000 people. It with very low tech means I'm talking machetes and talking with -- nice talking with gardening tools. It was just basically a low tech genocide. May seventh. The massacres that have claimed that the 200000 lives and -- one did not begin as a spontaneous outpouring of tribal rage. But rather as a systematic campaign of killing directed by political leaders and backed by the -- Very. The Clinton administration later said that they had no idea of the scale of the violence -- what was going on. I refer -- to that story telling them that at that point this pretty early on already 200000 people had been killed. And a campaign of violence orchestrated by the government military and by the radio station that was on the air of radio new company exhorting them to go out to their neighbors. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- June 10. The commander of the small United Nations detachment and Wanda conceded today that his efforts to broker a cease fire in the civil war there have shown no signs of success. He predicted more fighting and more massacres. This was the Canadian general Romeo Miller who who. It was deeply affected by his inability to stop this crisis going on and the inability of the UN to organize to do anything to help beef up his force or the inability or unwillingness of -- other large actor like the United States the brits the French to do it to send any troops to help out. We have every reason to believe that acts of genocide have occurred many acts superior. -- To make it. There was. I think in just a collective willingness back in the United States and in all the world capitals to put your heads in the sand and this was only six months after we have lost. Huge number of army Rangers in during the black hawk down incident in Somalia and I think there was no appetite in Washington at that time to engage ourselves -- another African tribal war. July 30 goma -- The cholera epidemic that has ravaged London refugee population. And produce piles of rotting corpses along roads in Zaire has finally shown signs of -- But relief workers here are bracing for the possible onslaught of another. Disease that can claim even more lines. This century. This was the end of July by this time of the war was winding down and a lot of attention turned to what to do about this massive refugee population Hutus among whom many many of them were the killers with a political leaders -- orchestrated this campaign of violence. I must say that a lot of people we're looking at this. Just terrific scene of death and misery going on these refugee camp to the it was almost some type of retribution for what had gone on inside of a one time. We keep telling ourselves that never again are we got a lot of this kind of holocaust happened he said that after World War II we said that after the Khmer Rouge. Genocide in Cambodia we said -- after belatedly after Rwanda but then we see it again and are for -- right now we're looking at what's happening in Syria when there's something like the civil war manmade. Incidents like this it is really a reluctance. To get involved and maybe even. A willingness to put our heads back in the sand the same when we did. With one and it's going to be something that we -- and up regretting.