And lovely little sink. Thank you so much. Welcome to the White House. Six months or go to night. A big part of the Affordable Care Act kicked -- and its healthcare dot gov and state insurance marketplaces went line. And millions of Americans finally had the same chance to buy quality. Affordable health care. And the peace of mind becomes -- as everybody else. Last night. The first open enrollment period under this law came to an -- And despite several -- weeks out of the gate because of problems with a web site. Seven point one million Americans have now signed up for -- -- -- -- Seven point one. Okay. During a visit and more folks wanna sign ups or anybody who have stuck in line because the huge surge in demand over the past few days. Can still go back and finish your role. Seven point one million. That's on top. Of the more than three million young adults who -- insurance under this law by staying on their families plan. That's on top of the millions moral gain access through Medicaid expansion. And the Children's Health Insurance Program. Making. Affordable. Coverage available to all Americans. Including those with preexisting conditions. Is now an important goal. Of this -- In these first six months we've taken a big step forward. And just as importantly. This law is bringing greater security to Americans who already have coverage. Because Affordable Care Act a hundred million Americans have gained three preventive care like mammograms and contraceptive care under their existing planes. Because of this law nearly eight million seniors have saved almost ten billion dollars. On their medicine because we've closed. A gaping hole in Medicare's prescription drug plan we're closing the doughnut hole. And because of this law a whole lot of families won't be driven into bankruptcy by a serious illness. Because be Affordable Care Act prevents your insurer from placing dollar limits on coverage they provide. These are all benefits that have been. Taking place. For a whole lot of families -- there are many who don't realize. That. They've received these benefits. But the bottom line is this under the small. They share of Americans with insurance is up. And the growth of health care costs is down. And that's good for our middle class. And that's good for our fiscal future. Doesn't mean that all the problems of health care. Have been salt forever. Premiums are still arriving for families who have insurance whether you get it through your employer or you buy it on your home that's been true. Every year for decades. But so far. Those premiums have risen more slowly since the Affordable Care Act passed than at any time in the past fifteen years. It's also true that despite this law millions of Americans remain uncovered. In part because governors in some states. For political reasons have deliberately refused to expand coverage under this law. We're gonna work on that. And we'll work to get more Americans covered -- with each passing year. And while it remains true that. You'll still left it. Change your coverage if you graduate from college -- -- 26 years older blew over switch jobs or have a child. Just like you did before the Affordable Care Act was passed. You can now go to healthcare dot gov and use it year round to enroll when circumstances in your life change. Some don't be Affordable Care Act hasn't completely fixed our long broken healthcare system. This law has made our health care system a lot better. A lot better. All told because this all millions of our fellow citizens know the economic security of health insurance. Who didn't just a few years ago. And that's something to be proud of regardless your politics. Or your feelings about me or your feelings about this law. That's something that's good for our economy. That's good for our country. There's no good reason to go back. The biggest sense of what this change has meant for millions of our fellow Americans. Just to get -- examples. John -- From Solana beach California. Always made sure to cover his family on the private market. But. Preexisting medical conditions meant his annual -- was over 30000 dollars. -- Affordable Care Act changed that. See if you have a preexisting condition like being cancer survivor. Ortiz suffered chronic pain from a tough job or even if you've just been charged more for being a woman. You can no longer be charged more than anybody else. So this year the KC family's premiums will fall from over 30000 dollars. Under 9000 dollars. And I know this because shots of the -- regular. These savings he said almost offset the cost of our daughters burst your college. I'm a big believer in this legislation and it is removed a lot of complexity and frankly -- from my wife please keep fighting for the AC. Which on campus. -- goal -- a bartender. From an all Pennsylvania. I think most folks are aware. Of bartender -- job that usually doesn't offer health care. For years. -- went uninsured or underinsured. Often getting some health director local plan here. In November she bought a plant. On the marketplace. In January and -- sent to senator to the hospital. And because her new plan cover a cat -- she would've otherwise been able to -- Her doctor discovered that she also had ovarian cancer. And gave her a chance to meet. So she wrote me a letter to she said. Is going to be a long tough road to kill this cancer. I can walk that road knowing insurance. Isn't an issue I won't be refused care I hope to send a follow letter -- few months saying I'm free and clear of this disease but until then. I know I will be fighting just as you. Have been. Fighting for my life as a working American service. And after her first wellness visit under her new insurance plan. -- marine from Fort Collins, Colorado shared with me what I meant to her. After using my new insurance for the first time. You've probably heard -- sigh of relief from the White House. I felt like a human being again. I felt that I had value. -- won't be Affordable Care Act. -- obamacare. Is all about. Making sure that all of us. And all our fellow citizens can count on the security of health care when we get sick. But the work and dignity of every person is acknowledged and affirmed. The newly insured like -- what deserve that dignity. Working Americans like -- deserve that economic security. Women. The sect. Survivors. They deserve fair treatment and our health care system. All of which makes the constant politics around this -- also troubling. Like every major piece of legislation from social security and Medicare. Is not perfect. We got to make adjustments along the way. And the implementation. Especially with a website. As -- your problems we know something about that. And yes at times this reform has been contentious and confusing. Obviously it's not -- critics. That's part of what change looks like in a democracy. Changes heart. Fixing what's broken is hard. Overcoming skepticism and fear. But something new is hard a lot of times folks would prefer the doubled and out of the double they don't. But this law is doing what it's supposed to do. -- -- -- It's helping people from coast to coast. All of which makes the lengths to which critics have gone to us. Here people. Or undermine. The law or try to repeal without offering any plausible alternative so hard to understand. I got a -- I don't get it. Why are folks working so hard. For people not to have health insurance. Are they so mad about the idea folks -- health insurance. Many of the tall tales that have been told about this long have been Demont. There are still -- death panels. Armageddon has not arrived. Instead this law is helping millions of Americans. In in the coming years it will help millions more. I said before. I will always work with anyone who's willing to make a small work even better. But the debate over repealing this law is over. The Affordable Care Act appeared to study. And knows. And those who -- their entire political agenda on repealing it. Have to explain the country why -- should go back and ensure. They should explain why Sean in his -- should go back to paying thousands. And thousands of dollars more. Got to explain what. Why Marla doesn't deserve to feel like she's got value. Can't explain why we should go back to the days when seniors pay more for the prescriptions. Or women had to pay more than -- for coverage. Back to the days when Americans with pre existing conditions were out of -- make the routinely be denied the economic security of health insurance. Because that's exactly what would happen if we repeal this law. Millions of people who now have health insurance would not have. Seniors. Who have gotten discounts on prescription drugs were -- to pay more. Young people were on the parents plan. With some may not have health insurance. On the hand -- history is not kind. Those to those who would deny Americans are basic economic secured. Nobody remembers well those who stand in the way of America's progress. Or people. That's what Affordable Care Act represents. As messy as it's been sometimes as contentious has been sometimes in its progress. It is making sure that we are not the only advanced country on earth. That doesn't make sure everybody. Has basic health. And that's thanks in part to leaders like Nancy Pelosi. And Dick Durbin. And all the members of congress who are here today we could not have done it without them and they should be proud of what they've done. But the problem that. And it's also thanks to the often unheralded work. Of countless Americans. Who fought tirelessly to pass this law. And organized like crazy these past few months. To help their fellow citizens just get the information they needed to get. That's why we're here today that's that's why. Seven point one million folks have health insurers because people got the word out. And -- we can make a hard sell -- and have. Billions of dollars. You know commercials like some. Critics it. But what we -- was. Look for yourself. See if it's good for your scrambling. And a whole lot of people decided it was. -- I want to thank everybody who worked so hard. To make sure that. We arrived at this point today. Now want I want to make sure everybody understands. In the months. Years ahead. I guarantee you there will be additional challenges implementing the small. There will be days when the web site yet stumbles. I guarantee it. So press just don't want to anticipate. There'll be some moment land the web sites down and I don't beyond -- front pages. It's gonna happen won't be knows. Don't -- me. Parts of the law that will still need to be improved. And if we can stop -- biting political battles that people as gridlocked. That we can actually make the -- working better for everybody. And we're excited about the prospect development. We -- game you know. But today should remind us that the goal we set for ourselves. That no American should go without the health care of the baby. The no family should be bankrupt. Because somebody in the family gets. Because no parent should have to be worried about whether they can afford treatment. Because they're worried that they don't wanna. After -- their children. The idea that everybody in this country can get decent health care. That goal was achievable. We're on our way. -- all of us have the courage and the wisdom to keep working not. Against one another. The scary other. For one another. And we will just make progress on health care make progress on all the other work that remains to great new opportunity for everybody who works for. To make sure this country. That we love lives up to its highest audience. That's what today is about. That's what. All the days to come. As long as I'm president of going to be about that's what we're going to be working towards. Thank you very much -- my god bless you god bless America.