More than a decade ago team embarked on a small car program. Sitting here today I cannot tell you why it took so long for his safety defects to be announced for this program. I can tell you we will find out. This is an extraordinary situation. It involves vehicles we no longer make. But it came to light on my watch so I'm responsible for resolving them. Again here relating specific incidents that happen. And you don't know and our entire that you you don't know about that. Take a look at -- date place. Yeah and by the way ma'am I'm getting this information from the chronology that GM provided to the next right and -- -- -- let me ask you. -- -- As far back as 2004. GM conducted a problem resolution tracking system inquiry after it learned of an incident where that key moved out of their -- condition is that correct. Yes thank you. Now after that he RTS inquiry. -- engineer advised against further action because there was quote no acceptable business case to provide -- resolution. And the PA TP RTS was closed is that correct. If at history that is a very disturbing. Facts yet at his ass the way we make decisions -- We've automatics have parts that don't meet our performance safety functionality durability requirements as I mentioned before in the steel example. There will be times where there will be -- I'm material or apart. That doesn't meet these exact specification. But after analysis and looking at the performance the safety and durability the reliability. The functionality. It will be okay that happens very often as we buy steel. To make the bodies of the vehicles. Within then you don't needs best we can without respect yet but what I just answered is probably use. But it's your own specifications. That your company specification if apart doesn't make the specification. Won the world which you're not. Refuse it and X and only except the part that meets this specification. This begins with my sincere apologies to everyone who's been affected by this recall. Especially to the families and friends of those who lost lives or were injured. I am deeply sorry and the many women and General Motors are deeply sorry. Will you commit to coming back. In front of this committee when you can answer the questions. Yes. And separately. All the information -- provide maintenance on Friday -- you be so kind -- provide a copy of all that information to this committee. Thank you are. Lobbying organization is opposing a bill that would make sure that no one. No one would. The way -- So I would say meant to him I'm so grateful to you and says -- for this year. These issues run deep. And we have work to do and I am very disappointed really as a woman to woman. I'm very disappointed. Because the culture that you are represented here today is a culture of the status quo.