Get into the nationals first and Michael's argument that's. What is the team's biggest early season concern in your mind there's lots to choose from give me what you think is the biggest. The biggest reason to work out partly because I like the guy and also because these these from the original main theme here. Ryan Zimmerman and his throwing. Problem and his shoulder. I think that that's been lingering from last season. And it actually goes back a couple seasons now but we're talking surgery were talking rehab. Everything that he could possibly do on for the shoulder has been done. And you wonder if it's just going to be a chronic -- it's going to. Carry over for for much longer than it should and really make the contract that he signed. Not a bargain in any shape reform in the extension easily won weakened -- that hundred million extension. -- -- And you know. Further. Even if you will at first base which is probably has the -- -- -- he can't play third base this season ever real issue because at a -- skip arms experts -- -- and you can't have two of your main editors. That both will place emphasis that's just me and that's and that's been on it's amazing how many legitimate. Choice is there are first units for and so therefore has every right to be there aren't as its only -- as the troubled minds going to be the Braves have talked to a couple weeks ago here that they just had. The national numbers so much last year and coming in this for a series. At home with the Braves kind of reeling from his injuries. Just like countless -- of hope and in our. Going to ask -- -- -- it's early it probably going get swept at home by the Braves it almost felt like. Not not must win clearly beautiful echo puts potentially crucial game in the first week of April also. I was arbor I think at some point this season if they wanna get back to first place they're gonna have to be the -- not losing to a three everytime organs -- obligated to point -- last year. Taylor Jordan's that the body that's in the game two for guys with an uphill starter -- on budget triple right as redolent you guys that they'll Zimmerman arbor. Our what he got the part of your big hazard to serve the tunnels are. He backed off of what was -- speaking of I think there's going to be health I think I think there there have been some some quick injuries. That have taken place that you look at the the lineup and it -- to you start to think. Are they going to be able to stay healthy with with everything that they -- going on so. Wilson -- right up that's -- aspect -- that -- -- -- for the season businesses so to me I think that when you look roster wise. What this team is capable of going when everybody's healthy. I think they can they can do well it just seems like very quickly and -- early years -- -- health concerns. And in if you can't stay healthy it's going to be -- for you. To have the of the bullseye. Once again on your on your back in on your chest when you're headed to be able to win. It's everywhere and and you don't have the guys out there to. To help you get those ones let me. As he has this of the two that weren't mentioned Harper's slow start at 14310. Strikeouts. Since loss of the plate he said so. And Stephen Strasburg -- one has had two starts he's still stricken people out sixteen strikeouts in his and it's plus six ERA of those two. Which one of you which one worries you the most or would give you pause or concern you can you can -- -- body early but may act say. For the sake of saying that one of them concerns I don't believe it's early still too early for -- and I think that they're too gifted in two you have an effort -- -- Strasburg when he mowed down -- guys after their existence and that -- and access that there's there's cause for concern and then. Someone like like Bryce Harper is going to fire he's too gifted an athlete you need to not find his way so it's too early to sit there feel like I'm concerned that one of them may not have the type seasonings that. Too early to maker they weren't -- Strasburg because. Even Adam to have ordered great story ran him finding that wrong -- the child and all the things that go along with. His life now. I still think he internalize a lot -- -- -- pitches every five days this is an guys out there. Hacking at the ball like Bryce Harper and trying to find his rhythm of play he's a guy who really well. I'm those of us. Yeah. Thin and says here's a guy in my mind that. It if he -- a bad start. He internalized that for 45 days in interest followed Zimmerman error the other. Disagree with Mike because that's Strasburg. The first -- the one through -- through on camera thing that kind of you know that that obviously -- his hearing and say it's our -- that it. Inning he had when author of a little bit -- of -- -- throwing her brother harper -- the bugs me about him so far and you know to the extent that it matters are. You know it's so we can season he's throwing his bathroom -- Izturis homered twice and a but it just shot a little guy I know that you want I know how great he wants to be but I think it's too early in the season beat some things around. And you mentioned it they're four and -- Filled with -- they're they're not in first place is way too early in a long season to get to work about it that this civil winning record. It's over the season yet series against the -- surprisingly first place Marlins. And that's part tonight.