Amazon has jumped into the set top box market with its new fire TV here's how it stacks up against the competition. Won't. -- Amazon is investing in building up their catalog but it's gonna take them awhile to supplement video that's already on Amazon instant video and there are an original contents. Broken main focus is building out their catalog as much as they possibly can't -- all they do they have a lot of time and effort. It is building -- the greatest variety and so as they possibly can. -- service with what did the iTunes store which of course has a great variety of stuff but it's not a lot of variety of pricing and apple hasn't happened yet. In his -- killer feature for search is that you talk to their -- rather than having to hunt and -- to type in your search -- The -- But bush surge doesn't work on all -- and so -- and that he should definitely keep in mind. Let -- search is slow but it's also a unified so if you're looking for a title and he'd edit on a couple of services you can click on the publishing price comparisons. And -- you little more information that anyone before hitting purchased. Apple -- pretty standard but it's very easy convenient and easy to find the content and you want if it's there. Amazon talked about gaming as a bonus features but it's clear that there I think a lot of money and time. They have their own game studio and that's when it. The -- in the half of the box where there hasn't really casual games most notably and experts but -- the motion sensor in the control. Apple. Falling haven't quite gotten it yet.