More than a decade ago GM embarked on a small car program. Sitting here today, I cannot tell you why it took so long for a safety defect to be announced for this program. But I can tell you we will find out. This is an extraordinary situation; it involves vehicles we no longer make. But it came to light on my watch. So I'm responsible for resolving it.Again, you're relating specific incidents that happened -- You don't know? -- and our entire investigation. -- And you don't know about that? Take a look at tab eight please. And by the way ma'am, I'm getting this information from the chronology that GM provided to NITSA. So Let me ask you again, as far back as 2004 GM conducted a problem resolution tracking system inquiry after it learned of an incident where the key moved out of the run condition is that correct? yes. thank you. now after that, PRTRS inquiry one engineer advised against further action because there was quote no acceptable business case to provide a resolution and the PRTS was closed. is that correct. If that is true that is a very disturbing fact that is not the way we make decisions, we will not accept parts that don't meet our performance, safety functionality durability requirements as I mentioned before in the steel example, there will be times where there will be as a material or part that doesn't meet these exact specification but after analysis and looking at the performance the safety the durability the reliability, the functionality it will be OK that happens very often as we buy steel to make the bodies of the vehicles . And then you don't need specifications, with all respect, hat you just answered is gobledeygook. it's your own specifications, it's your company specification, if a part doesn't meet the specification why in the world would you not refuse it and only accept the part that meets a specification. This begins with my sincere apologies to everyone who's been affected by this recall especially to the families and friends of those who lost lives or were injured I am deeply sorry and the men and women of General Motors are deeply sorry. will you commit to coming back in front of this committee when you can answer the questions. Yes. and secondly all the information you're providing to NITSA on Friday, would you be so kind as to provide a copy of all that information to this committee. Yes thank your lobbying organization is opposing a bill that would make sure that no one no one would die the way they die. So I would say Madame chairman I am so grateful to center held for this hearing these issues run deep and we have work to do. And I am very disappointed really as a woman to woman I'm very disappointed because the cultures that you are were representing here today is a culture of the status quo. 