Let's say you. Thank you so much. Welcome to the White House six months ago today a big part of the Affordable Care Act kicked in as health care and state insurance marketplace is what life and millions of Americans finally had the same chance to buy quality affordable health care and the peace of mind that comes with it as everybody else last night the first open enrollment period under this law came to an end and despite several lost weeks out of the gate because of problems with the website 7.1 million Americans have now signed up and this marketplace. So the point 1, there's even more folks want to sign up. So anybody who was stuck in line because the huge surge of demand over the past few days. And still go back and finish your enrollment 7.1 million. That's on top of the more than three million young adults who gained insurance under this law by staying on their families point that's on top of the millions more gain access through Medicaid expansion and the Children's Health Insurance Program making affordable coverage available to all Americans, including those with preexisting conditions is now an important goal of this law and in these first six months we've taken a big step forward and just as importantly, this law is bringing greater security to Americans who already have coverage because the Affordable Care Act 100 million Americans have gained free preventive care like mammograms and contraceptive care under their existing plans because of this log nearly eight million seniors have saved almost $10 billion on their medicine because we've closed a gaping hole in Medicare's prescription drug plan we're closing the don't know and because of this law a whole lot of families won't be driven into bankruptcy by a serious illness because the Affordable Care Act for bands your insurer from placing dollar limits on the coverage they provide these are all benefits that have been taking place for a whole lot of families other maybe you don't realize that they receive these benefits but the bottom line is this under this law they share of Americans with insurance is up and the growth of health care costs is now. And that's good for our middle class. And that's good for you. Now that doesn't mean that all the problems in health care have been solved for us premiums are still rising for families who have insurance. What do you get it through your employer or you buy it on your own. That's been true every year for decades. But so far those premiums have risen more slowly since the Affordable Care Act passed than any time in the past 50 years. It's also true that despite this law millions of Americans remain uncovered in part because governors in some states for political reasons have deliberately refuse to expand coverage under this law. But we're going to work on that. And we'll work to get more Americans covered with each passing year. And while it remains true that you'll still left it change your coverage if you graduate from college or turn 26 years older mover switch jobs or have a child just like you did before the Affordable Care Act was passed you can now go to health and use it year round and role when circumstances in your life change. So no the Affordable Care it hasn't completely fixed are long broken health care system. This law has made our health care system a lot better, a lot better all told because of this lot millions of our fellow citizens know the economic security of health insurance and just a few years ago. And that's something to be proud of regardless of your politics or your feelings about me or your feelings about this law that's something that's good for our economy and it's good for our country. There's no good reason to go back. Let me give you a sense of what this changes meant for millions of our fellow Americans just give you to examples John case from salon a beach California always make sure to covers family on the private market but preexisting medical condition meant his annual 10 was over $30,000 Affordable Care Act change that see if you have a preexisting condition like being a cancer survivor or who suffer chronic pain from a tough job or even if you've just been charged more for being a woman, you can no longer be charged more than anybody else. So this year the KEC families premiums will fall from over 30,000 to under 9,000 and I know this because she on top of the time regulator these savings he says, well almost offset the cost of our daughter's first year in college. I'm a big believer in this legislation. And it is removed a lot of complexity and frankly fear from my life. Please keep fighting a which I had to say Gini go is a bartender from and all of Pennsylvania. I think most folks are aware a bartender that's the job it usually does not offer health care for years it went uninsured or under insured often getting some health care through our local plan here in November, she bought a plan on the marketplace in January and don't listen to center to the hospital and because the new plan covered a CAT scan she would have otherwise been able to afford doctor discover it but she also had ovarian cancer and gave her a chance to be so she wrote me a letter to she said is going to be a long tough road to kill this cancer. I could walk that road knowing insurance isn't an issue I won't be refused care. I hope to send a follow up letter a few months saying I'm free and clear of this disease. But until then, I know I will be fighting just as you have been fighting for my life as a working American service and after the first one is because it under a new insurance plan Marla Marie from Fort Collins, Colorado shared with me what it meant to her after using my new insurance for the first time, you've probably heard my sigh of relief from the White House. I felt like a human being. I felt that I had value. That's what the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare is all about making sure that all of us and all our fellow citizens can count on the security of health care when we get sick. But the work and dignity of every person is acknowledged and affirmed the newly insured like marlatt deserve that dignity working Americans like Jamie deserve that economic security women the sick survivors they deserve fair treatment and our health care system all of which makes the constant politics surround this law. So trouble like every major piece of legislation from Social Security, Medicare the laws not perfect we've got to make adjustments along the way. And the implementation, especially with the website has had its share of problems we know something about that. And yes at times this reformers been contentious and confusing and obviously it's amateur critics as part of what change looks like in a democracy changes heart fixing what's broken is hard overcoming skepticism and fear of something new is hard lot of times folks would prefer the devil they know that the devil they don't. But this is doing what it's supposed to do. It's working it's helping people from coast to coast all of which makes the links to which critics have gone to scare people undermine the law or try to repeal the law without offering any plausible alternative. So hard to understand, I got a bit I don't get it our folks working. So hard for people not to have health insurance why are they so mad about the idea folks at health insurance many of the tall tales that have been told about this long and then people there are still no doubt channels Armageddon has not arrived instead the slide is helping millions of Americans and in the coming years it will help millions more I said before I will always work with anyone who's willing to make the small work even better. But the debate over repealing the slides over your formal characters here those and those who base their entire political agenda on repealing it have to explain to the country. Why do you should go back to being uninsured they should explain why shot in his family should go back to paying thousands and thousands of dollars more I got to explain why Marla doesn't deserve to feel like she's got value they have to explain why we should go back to the days when seniors pay more for the prescriptions or women had to pay more than men for coverage back to the days when Americans with preexisting conditions were a lot they could routinely be denied the economic security of health insurance because that's exactly what would happen if we repeal this law millions of people who now have health insurance would not have seniors who have gotten this guy's on a prescription drugs would have to pay more young people were on the parents plan with some may not have health insurance and history is not tied this to those who would deny Americans are basic economic security nobody remembers well those who stand in the way of America's progress or people. That's what the Affordable Care Act represents as messy as it's been sometimes as contentious as there's been sometimes it is progress. It is making sure that we are not the only advanced country on earth does make sure everybody has basic health. And that's thanks in part to leaders like Nancy posting and Dick Durbin and all the members of Congress or the day we could not have done it without them and they should be proud of what they've done to be proud of what they've done. And it's also thanks to the often unheralded work of countless Americans who fought tirelessly to pass the slope and well organized like crazy these past few months to help their fellow citizens just get the information they needed to get to that's why we're here today. That's why 7.1 million folks have health insurance because people got the word out. And we didn't make a hard. So we didn't have billions of dollars of commercials like some critics it. But what we said was, look for yourself see if it's good for your family and a whole lot of people decided it was so I want to thank everybody who worked so hard to make sure that we arrive at this point today I want to make sure everybody understands in the months and years ahead. I guarantee you there will be additional challenges to implementing the small there will be days when the website stumbles I guarantee it. So press just I want to anticipate there will be some moment when the websites down and I know it'll be all your front page is going to happen. It won't be news there will be part of that will still need to be improved. And if we can stop really finding all political battles that keep us gridlocked that we could actually make the law work even better for everybody. And we're excited about the prospect of the one that we are game but today should remind us that the goal we set for ourselves. There's no American should go without the health care they need the no families should be bankrupt because somebody in their family gets because no parent should have to be worried about whether they could afford treatment because they're worried but they don't want to have to bring their children the idea that everybody in this country can get decent health care that goal is achievable. We are on our way. And if all of us have the courage and the wisdom to keep working not against one another not to scare each other for one another. And we will just make progress on health care make progress on all the other work the remains to create new opportunities for everybody who works for to make sure this country we love lives up to its highest ideals that's what today's back. That's what it all the days become as long as I'm president are going to be about. That's what we're going to be working towards thank you very much or by God bless you. God bless America. 