Amazonhas dumped into the set top box market with its new fire TV here's how it stacks up against the competition. Amazon is investing in building out their catalog but it's gonna take them awhile to supplement video that's already on Amazon instant video and their own original contents. Roku's main focus is building out their catalog as much as they possibly can. This is all they do they put a lot of time and effort into building and greatest variety of shows as they possibly can. Apple service is plugged into to the iTunes store which of course has a great variety of stuff but it's not a lot of variety of pricing and Apple doesn't have it you're out of luck. Amazon's killer feature for search is that you talk to their remote rather than having to hunt and peck to type in your search term. The Washington Post. But voice search doesn't work on all apps and so that's something you should definitely keep in mind. Roku's search is slow but it's also unified so if you're looking for a title and see that it's on a couple of services you can click on that and it will give you price comparisons. And it will give you a little more information you may want before hitting purchase. Apple's search is pretty standard but it's very easy to read and easy to find the content and you want if it's there. Amazon talked about gaming as a bonus feature but it's clear that they are investing a lot of money and time into this. They have their own game studio and that's one of the launch games that they have for this box. Roku has really casual games most notably Angry Birds but it does have a motion sensor in the control. Apple. Well they haven't quite gotten to games yet.