More than a decade ago GM embarked on a small car program. Sitting here today I cannot tell you why it took so long for safety defects to be announced for this program. But I can tell you we will find out. This is an extraordinary situation. It involves vehicles we no longer make. But it came to light on my watch so I'm responsible for resolving it. Again you're relating specific incidents that have. And you don't know and our entire that you you don't know about that. Take a look at tab 8 please. Yeah and by the way ma'am I'm getting this information from the chronology that GM provided to NITSA and -- and so let me ask you. -- -- As far back as 2004. GM conducted a problem resolution tracking system inquiry after it learned of an incident where the key moved out of the run condition is that correct. Yes thank you. Now after that he PRRTS inquiry. one engineer advised against further action because there was quote no acceptable business case to provide a resolution. And the PA TP RTS was closed is that correct. If that is true that is a very disturbing. Fact yes that is not the way we make decisions how. We've will not accept parts that don't meet our performance safety functionality durability requirements as I mentioned before in the steel example. There will be times where there will be a material or a part. That doesn't meet these exact specification. But after analysis and looking at the performance the safety and durability the reliability. The functionality. It will be okay that happens very often as we buy steel. Uh to make the bodies of the vehicles. WWell then you don't need ... best we can Will all due respect  but what you just answered is gobledeygook. Buy it's your own specifications. It's your company's specification if a part doesn't make the specification. Why in the world would you not. Refuse it and X and only accept the part that meets the specifications. This begins with my sincere apologies to everyone who's been affected by this recall. Especially to the families and friends of those who lost lives or were injured. I am deeply sorry and the men and women of General Motors are deeply sorry. Will you commit to coming back. In front of this committee when you can answer the questions. Yes. And secondly. All the information that you're providing to NITSA on Friday would you be so kind as to provide a copy of all that information to this committee. Thank you Your Lobbying organization is opposing a bill that would make sure that no one. No one would die. The way they die. So I would say madame chairman -- I'm so grateful to you and Senator Helen for this hearing. These issues run deep. And we have work to do. And I am very disappointed really as a woman to woman. I'm very disappointed. Because the culture that you are representing here today is a culture of the status quo.