Get into the nationals first and Michael sword. You on that. What is the team's biggest early season concern in your mind there's lots to choose from here to give me what you think is the biggest reason to worry about that up partly because I like the guy and also because these days from the original meaning team here Ryan Zimmerman and is throwing problem and shoulder I think that's been lingering from last season and it actually goes back a couple seasons now but we're talking surgery were talking rehab everything that he could possibly do on them for the shoulder has been done. And you wonder if it's just going to be a chronic thing that's going to carry over for much longer than it should and really make the contract he signed not a bargain in any shape or form in the extension is only one we can do that on a million extension and then what do you go further even if you will, to first base, which is probably his eventual destination. If you can't play third base this season they have a real issue because tomorrow's can't play websites for service. And you can have to of your main headers, the both will play the same position that just as many games as I think that's a good on these amazing how many legitimate choices. There are for candidates forum. So therefore there actually find those like so many storylines the trouble it might be the braves which I talked about a couple weeks ago here if they just had the nationals number. So much last year and going in this first series at home with the braves kind of really small these injuries just like I want a series of hope they are I'm going to ask you is this early April but you don't get swept at home by the braves it almost felt like not Muslim clearly going to follow it puts it potential crucial game. And the first week of April. So that was our but I think at some point, the season if they want to get back to first place they're going to have to beat the braves it's not one was in to or 3 every time are getting so complicated. So many times last year. That's not a tale of Jordan step of the units on the game to for a guy with the man I feel starter a lamp a bunch of triple right as right. I want you guys had the Dale Zimmerman Arbor all right we get live or not your biggest area to serve the answer be back offload what wise was speaking, I think is going to be health. I think there have been some quick injuries that have taken place that you look at the lineup and it lends to you start to think are they going to be able to stay healthy with everything that they have going on. So that's just before the season I guess it. So to me I think that when you look roster wise what this team is capable of doing when everybody's healthy. I think they can do well. But it just seems like very quickly and very early you're seeing health concerns. And if you can't stay healthy and it's going to be hard for you to have the bullseye once again, when you're on your back in on your chest knowing your head to be able to win and it's everywhere. And you don't have the guys out there to help you get those ones. Let me ask you guys this out of to that weren't mentioned Harper slow start that 143 10 strike outs seems loss of the plate and he said so and Steve strasburg own one has had to start is still striking people out 16 strike outs but he's got a plus 6 ER a of those to which one of you which one worries you the most or would give you pause for concern you go right but a lot of being a girl but I'd make I said say for the sake of saying at that one of them concerns UPI believe it's early still too early. But then I think that there are to gifted and to be I mean that first shown by Strasbourg 20 mowed down 10 guys that I can't sit there and say there's cause for concern. And then so on like brace Harper is going to find these to gifted an athlete to not find his way. So it's too early to sit there and feel like I'm concerned that one of them may not have the type of season they said really just to make sure I want it only strasburg because even though Adam Kilgore to a great story and I'm finding balance of the child in all the things that go along with his life. Now I still think you internalize the landing pages every five days. This is in a guy who's out there packing at the ball like Bryce Harper and trying to find his rhythm of the plane is a guy who really those of us here. And so here's a guy in my mind it that if you as a bad start inter lies zipper for five days an inverse follow the Zimmerman error. The other day I actually disagree with Mike because that's rust very first start there's a one through his drummer. I think that kind of that obviously slides is here and say I start here that inning and went through a little bit because it's a long term care about the harbor the thing that bugs me about him so far, and the extent that matters at all. So we can season he's throwing his bathroom is how many through so much ways they did just chill out a little bit. I mean I know you want. I know how great he wants to be. But I think it's too early in the season be changing things around and you mention it there for to. So we're getting there they're not in first place is way too early in a long season to get to work better. But they still winning record it's over the season the series is the surprisingly first place marlins and that's part tonight. 