More than a decade ago Jim embarked on a small car program sitting here today. I cannot tell you why it took so long for a safety defect to be announced for this program. But I can tell you we will find out this is an extraordinary situation it involves vehicles we no longer make. But it came to light on my watch. So I'm responsible for resolving again, you're relating specific incidents that happened you don't know and our entire and you don't know about that take a look at have eight place. And by the way ma'am, I'm getting this information from the chronology that GM provided tenets that right and there it out. Let me ask you again, as far back as 2004 GM conducted a problem resolution tracking system inquiry after it learned of an incident where the key moved out of the rank condition is that Kerouac yes thank you now after that, he RDS inquiry my engineer advised against further action because there was quote know acceptable business case to provide a resolution and the patp RDS was closed is that correct. If that is to that is a very disturbing fact that as a way we make decisions, we will not accept parts that don't meet our performance, safety functionality durability requirements as I mentioned before in the steel example, there will be times where there will be as a material or part that doesn't meet these exact specification but after analysis and looking at the performance the safety the durability the reliability, the functionality it will be OK that happens very often as we buy steal got to make the bodies of the vehicles with. And then you don't need specification with all respect. But what I just answered is gobbling you it's your own specifications which are commonly specification if apart doesn't meet the specification won the world which you not refuse it antics and only accept the part that meets a specification. This begins with my sincere apologies to everyone who's been affected by this recall especially to the families and friends of those who lost lives were injured I am deeply sorry and the men and women of General Motors are deeply sorry will you commit to coming back in front of this committee when you can answer the questions. Yes and secondly all the information you're providing. Then it's on Friday we to be so kind as to provide a copy of all that information to this committee. Yes thank you are lobbying organization is opposing a bill that would make sure that no one no one would die the way they die. So I would say Madame chairman I am so grateful to center held for this hearing these issues run deep and we have work to do. And I am very disappointed really as a woman to woman I'm very disappointed because the cultures she were representing here today is a culture of the status quo. 